# An Exact and Polynomial Approach for a Bi-Objective Integer Programming Problem Regarding Network Flow Routing

Here we present the evaluations of several computational experiments. Grid (with 49, 100, 225 and 400 nodes) and random networks (with 50, 100, 200 and 400 nodes) were considered. The random topology was generated by the Barab\'{a}si-Albert model. The settings of the network flows defined here are common in wireless sensor networks and wireless mesh networks. We evaluated scenarios, with 80 and 300 flows, employing 100 instances of each topology type. 


## Different costs

### [different_costs-grid-multiple_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx](different_costs-grid-multiple_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx)
The results presented are for the grid graph topology with 100 nodes and varying the number of flows (r=80; r=300) , with different costs (c^f_sd in {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}). The sources are multiple and the destination are multiple for the 100 instances.

### [different_costs-grid-single_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx](different_costs-grid-single_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx)
The results presented are for the grid graph topology with 100 nodes and varying the number of flows (r=80; r=300), with different costs (c^f_sd in {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}). The sources are multiple and with one single destination for the 100 instances.

### [different_costs-rand-multiple_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx] (different_costs-rand-multiple_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx) 
The results presented are for the rand graph topology with 100 nodes and varying the number of flows (r=80; r=300), with different costs (c^f_sd in {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}). The sources are multiple and the destination are multiple for the 100 instances.

### [different_costs-grid-equal_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx] (different_costs-grid-single_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx)
The results presented are for the rand graph topology with 100 nodes and varying the number of flows (r=80; r=300), with different costs (c^f_sd in {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}). The sources are multiple and with one single destination for the 100 instances.


## Equal costs
### [equal-costs_grid-topology_equal-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx] (equal-costs_grid-topology_equal-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx) 
The results presented are for the grid graph topology  varying the number of nodes (n = 49, n = 100, n = 225, n = 400) and routing 80 flows, all costs being equal to one. The sources are multiple and with one single destination for the 100 instances.

### [equal-costs_grid-topology_multiple-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx] (equal-costs_grid-topology_multiple-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx)
The results presented are for the grid graph topology varying the number of nodes (n = 49, n = 100, n = 225, n = 400) and routing 80 flows, all costs being equal to one. The sources are multiple and the destination are multiple for the 100 instances.

### [equal-costs_rand-topology_multiple-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx] (equal-costs_grid-topology_multiple-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx)
The results presented are for the random  graph topology varying the number of nodes (n = 50, n = 100, n = 200, n = 400) and routing 80 flows, all costs being equal to one. The sources are multiple and the destination are multiple for the 100 instances.

### [equal-costs_rand-topology_single-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx](equal-costs_rand-topology_single-dest_50-100-200-400-nodes.xlsx)
The results presented are for the random graph topology  varying the number of nodes (n = 50, n = 100, n = 200, n = 400) and routing 80 flows, all costs being equal to one. The sources are multiple and with one single destination for the 100 instances.

### [different_costs-grid-multiple_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx](different_costs-grid-multiple_destination-100nodes-80_300flows.xlsx)
The results presented are for the grid graph topology with 100 nodes and varying the number of flows (r=80; r=300) , with different costs (c^f_sd in {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}). The sources are multiple and the destination are multiple for the 100 instances.
